#summary An overview of all PHP files in this repository.

= Files In This Repository =

The repository contains the following files:

===`library/`===

This directory contains all classes implementing the support for OAuth. 

===`library/OAuthServer.php`===

Implements support for server side handling of token requests and authorization of request tokens.

===`library/OAuthRequester.php`===

Extends the `OAuthRequestSigner` class to actually do signed requests to OAuth servers and return the results.  Also implements code to request tokens from OAuth servers.


===`library/OAuthRequestSigner.php`===

Implements methods to sign requests to OAuth servers.

===`library/OAuthVerifier.php`===

Implements verification of incoming requests.

===`library/OAuthRequest.php`===

This is the main class.  It wraps either the current request or a request given to the constructor.  It provides all basic functionality for calculating the base string, signatures etc.


===`library/OAuthStore.php`===

The storage module for OAuth.  This is the factory to choose the correct OAuthStore for storing all tokens etc.  In the directory `library/store/OAuthStoreMySQL.php` is a MySQL implementation.  The datamodel is contained in `library/store/mysql/mysql.sql`.  

You can add your own implementations in the `library/store/` directory.

===`library/OAuthException.php`===

The exception class for OAuth.  Works together with `OAuthRequestLogger` to enable debugging of OAuth request from and to the server.

===`library/OAuthRequesterLogger.php`===

Logs all incoming and outgoing requests in a database table.  Facilitates debugging of the requests.